streets this is a safe building that's
fine you just read the paper I'm gonna
get a pot it's not for you okay that's
fine
read the Family Circus enjoy the gentle
comedy so many guys hi hey yeah I'm
looking for Phoebe does she still live
here no she doesn't but I can get a
message to her great just tell her her
husband stopped by what
[Music]
this is unbelievable thieves how can you
be married married married you know he
was just a friend and he's gay and he
was from Canada and he just needed a
green card I can't believe you marry
Duncan I mean how could you not tell me
we live together we told each other
everything I'm sorry Monica but I know
if I told you you'd get really like
judgmental and you would not approve of
course I wouldn't approve I mean you
were totally in love with this guy hello
was day I think the hell were you
thinking
saying you thought she'd be judgmental
okay I wasn't in love with him and I was
just helping out a friend please when he
left town you stayed in your pajamas for
a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger
well didn't you I might have come on you
tell me everything what if I not told
you oh I don't know how about the fact
that the underwear out there on the
telephone pole is yours from when you
were having sex with fun Bobby out on
the terrace
you are dead meat I didn't know it's a
big secret just say oh I don't know
having a third nipple
[Music]
just a tiny bump it's totally useless Oh
as opposed to other multifunctional
nipples can't believe you you told me it
was a nubbin love you thinking nothing
was I don't know you see something here
word I thought that's what it was
[Music]
if I'm going down I'm taking everybody
with me I was young and I just wanted a
job okay but at the last minute I
couldn't go through with it so they let
me be the guy who comes in to fix the
copier but can't because there's people
having sex out so what's at replay
[Music]
special well yes Ross pressing my third
nipple opens the delivery entrance to
the magical land of Narnia you know in
some cultures having a third nipple is
actually a sign of virility you get the
best huts and women dance to make it
around you huh all right any of these
cultures perchance in the tri-state area
are so amazing is there anything you you
don't know I want you to hook up with
Ross as much as you did the Ice Capades
no no the gravel Capades
now the turns aren't as fast when Snoopy
Falls bunny can't believe you're just
enough for him just you're setting
yourself up all over again okay know
their information I'm going to see him
so I can put all those feelings behind
me okay and the reason I'm dressed like
this is because I think it's nice to
look nice through your gay husband darn
it we're all in a milk hey Chandler
would you fill me up here
I see I see because of the third nipple
thing to me okay relationship before why
whose side are you enjoying our are you
and are you and Julie not having sex no
is she so cold and then she's like kind
of bossy makes me feel like school no
she's great and it's not like we haven't
done anything I mean we do plenty of
others lots of other stuff like you know
I've only been with one woman my whole
life and she turned out to be a lesbian
yeah so now I've got myself all
psyched-out you know and it's become
like this this thing you must think I'm
weird
no no no no I don't think it's weird I
think I think I have to in fact you know
what I think what I think it's sexy
sexy let me tell you something as a
woman hmm
there is nothing sexier than a man who
does not want to have sex in fact you
know what I do
well I wait wait yes absolutely I would
wait and wait
then I'd wait some more really oh yeah I
don't care how much she tells me she
wants it I don't care she begs she
pleads she tells you she's gonna have
sex with with another man that just
means it's working we've been really
want this hmm more than jewelry
[Music]
look at you you look great
do I thank you so wow this is pretty
wonderful huh mr. major Capades guy I
remember when you were just like King
Friday and mr. Rogers Isis nice yeah you
always said I'd make it yeah kind of
spooky that way missed you I'm gonna get
changed
[Music]
Julie sorry you had a paleontologist on
your face it's well I was going to but
after I talked to you I talked to Joey
basically he told me to get over myself
and just do it no so I thought about
what you said and I thought about what
he said and well his way I get to have
sex tonight
what is this in my pocket why it's
Joey's porno movie
I'm fine with it I mean if you're okay
watching a video filled with two nipple
people just what I need to see people
having sex oh well well you know these
movies are offensive and degrading to
women and females the Lighting's always
unflattering and Monica help me out here
yeah I wouldn't see Joey there like a
story or did they just start doing oh
that's the craziest typing test I've
ever seen all I say is she better get
the job looks to me like he's the one
getting a job
you're gonna see I'm coming to fix the
copier I can't get to the copier I'm
thinking what do I do
what do I do so I just watch them have
sex and then I say so what's up you came
to see me yesterday
oh yeah all right I kind of need a
divorce oh okay actually I'm getting
married again what oh god I don't know
how to tell you this I'm straight I
don't understand how can you be straight
I mean you're so smart and funny and you
throw such great Academy Award parties
that's what I kept telling myself but
you just reach a point where you can't
live a lie anymore so how long have you
known I guess on some level I always
knew I was great I thought I was
supposed to be something else you know
I'm a nice dancer all my friends are
games you trying to fit in and and
there's actually a woman
her name's Deborah well it's just you
the first that you've been with I've
never told you this but there were one
or two times back in college when I get
really drunk and go to a straight bar
and wake up with a woman next to me I
told myself it was the liquor and
everyone experiments in college sure now
I know I don't have a choice about this
I was born this way I don't know what to
say I mean you know you're married to
someone for six years and you think you
know him and then one day he says oh I'm
not gay
I'm still me I just figured this out six
years ago
you know what still smells like monkey
in there well listen this has been great
but I'm officially wiped just hang out
and talk anymore Rachel that's all we do
we do what about Julie what about Julie
well you have been in our lives for
nearly two months now and we don't
really know you I mean who is Julie what
do you like what don't you like we want
to know everything take a while I got
the time to get to know joy I know we're
pretty well can I go
[Music]
okay Julie so now let's start with your
childhood what was that like well in a
nutshell your parents no but it'll be
okay they're pretty cool my brother's
right there you go you know I just have
one more question if you had figured
this out sooner and I been around do you
think that I would have been the one who
no no that's right don't tell me their
answer would make me feel better I love
you Phoebe
so your brother straight huh seriously
my second grade teacher was Miss Thomas
and my first-grade teacher was mrs. Cobb
this is God Sally what exactly is in a
Cobb salad our hey are you nervous no I
can talk about it beforehand
see see what happens I think I mean it
is your first time with her and you know
the first time does it go well well then
that's that's pretty darn hard to
recover from okay
I'm just I said last year makes so
unbelievably miserable yeah and now now
I'm actually happy you know I mean I
just I just don't wanna I don't wanna
mess it up you know it's not your fault
maybe maybe it doesn't have to be this
tough I mean maybe you were on the right
track with that whole you know
spontaneous thing I mean women really
like that yeah I mean you know I mean if
it were me I'd you know I'd want you to
what matter I catch me off guard you
know with like a really good kiss you
know really sort of fun soft at first or
into my eyes in a way that lets me know
it was something amazing is about to
happen
mhm
[Music]
it pulled me really close to you so that
so that I'd be pressed up you know right
against you and it would get kind of
sweaty and blurry and then it's just
happening
[Music]
well somebody got some last night
flights
[Music]